Lusid's OpenTK Course
---------------------

I am providing this course based on particular issues I have with video game tutorials at this time:

Newbies are pushed in the direction of either Unity or XNA. While this is great for the C# language,
both of these options are fairly limiting, and unfortunately, most don't realize their limitations
until it is too late (XNA = platform restrictions, Unity = licensing and flexibility).

On a related note, when these newbies go on to make a really great game, some of which get released on
XBLA or Steam, they begin to realize the mistakes they made in choice of platform, and it ends in loss
of potential profit and misguided feelings towards C#. The fact of the matter is that the language
makes very little difference, and I am here to prove that a quality game can be built on a great
graphics library in C# that is both cross-platform capable as well as flexible and unrestricted in
terms of licensing and functionality.

Games built using OpenTK can currently run on Windows and Mac (as well as iPhone and Android devices
if built using OpenGL ES 2). On top of that, similar to XNA or Unity, it is VERY easy to learn and use
while still operating at a fairly low-level. Basically, the knowledge you gain building your game in
C# and OpenTK can be applied to any other language and OpenGL-based library. This is NOT the case with
XNA or Unity.

With that being said, I hope you will take the time to learn from these tutorials, and you will add
OpenTK to your current toolset (if you haven't already). Along with the source, I'll be posting blog
entries with documentation (and possibly walkthrough videos) on my blog at:

http://www.marcmelvin.com/category/gamedev/opentk/

Tutorial #1 - Creating a Minimal Empty OpenTK Window
Tutorial #2 - Drawing a Colorful Rectangle
Tutorial #3 - Matrices, the Orthographic View, and Rotations
Tutorial #4 - Loading and Displaying an Image
Tutorial #5 - Animating Our Caveman
Tutorial #6 - Handling Keyboard Input
Tutorial #7 - Player Movement Using Modelview Translations

Enjoy!

Marc Melvin (aka Lusid)
Bytescape, LLC.